Use config files to configure personal info and cv events (#21)
jankapunkt/latexcv: config/config_meta.tex

% ======================================================================================================================
%   This is the definition of your personal data, which we define here with pattern \meta<var>
%   We use \def in order to make these variables overridable wihtin your templates, see
%   https://tex.stackexchange.com/questions/655/what-is-the-difference-between-def-and-newcommand
%

> %   Include this file in your tempalte usinf \input in order to include the definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+% Add this file to your template using \input to use the definitions.
```

Typos.
